## PS-01
#### Name:
#### SOC 5050 - Quantiative Analysis - Fall 2016

### Directions
Enter your final answers for all questions in this template.

**If you use Atom for this assignment:**
As you type, make sure you open the Markdown Preview in Atom. Observe how the document changes as you alter it.

### Questions
#### Part 1
**1. What type of data (numeric/string) is the `Winner` variable? Why?**
<start answer here>

**2. What type of data and level of measurement (binary/nominal/ordinal/continuous) is the `Turnout` variable? Why?**


**3. What type of data and level of measurement is the `Party` variable?
Why?**


**4. What is the median for the `Population` variable? What does that value mean?**


**5. What are the mode and mean for the `Party` variable? What do each of those values mean?**


**6. What is the standard deviation of the `Turnout` variable? What does that value mean?**


#### Part 2
**7. What type of data (numeric/string) and level of measurement (binary/nominal/ordinal/continuous) is the variable `REGION`? Include a justification for your answer.**


**8. What type of data and level of measurement is the `HHX` variable? Include a justification for your answer.**


**9. What type of data and level of measurement is the variable `R_MARITL`? Include a justification for your answer.**


**10. What type of data and level of measurement is the variable `LCTIME11`? Include a justification for your answer.**


**11. What type of data and level of measurement is the variable `PSAL`? Are there any apparent issues with this variable? Include a justification for your answer.**


**12. Provide all of the relevant descriptive statistic(s) for the variable `PSAL` based on its level of measurement. Include a justification for both the statistics you provided and those that you did not.**


**13. Provide all of the relevant descriptive statistic(s) for the variable `LCTIME11` based on its level of measurement. Include a justification for both the statistics you provided and those that you did not.**


#### Part 3
**14. Create the appropriate plot(s) for the variable `PSAL` based on its level of measurement. Include a justification for both the plot(s) you provided and those that you did not.**


**15. Create the appropriate plot(s) for the variable `LCTIME11` based on its level of measurement. Include a justification for both the plot(s) you provided and those that you did not.**
